chore: foundations typography heading h1   h6 (#3534)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/eleven-keys-work.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-documentation': patch
'@swisspost/design-system-styles': patch
---

> Updated the style of Headings with design token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the style of Headings (h1-h6) using design tokens.
```

> Updated the style of Headings (h1-h6) using design tokens.

Reviewer 2: I suggest not to mention the tokens in the change log, as they are part of our internal technology that users don't necessarily need to be aware of:
```suggestion
Updated the style of headings (h1-h6).
```
